Hello! kids
I'm Ben
And I'm going to teach you the numbers today
Wow! look it all that candy
Yummy...
Oh! Look, there is number one
Hi! number one
Hi! Ben
I was just teaching the children all about you
Hello! there...
I'm number One
I'm the first number
You cannot learn your numbers without me
I'm number One
I'm the first number
You cannot learn your numbers without me
Isn't number one a delicious number?
Let's see if the other numbers responds as he is
Look, there is number Two
I'm number Two
I'm prime number
There is always do out  me no matter where you see
You are number two
Let's  count one and two
There is one here and two there
There you are number two
I'm number Two...
Wow! Let's join the party!
I'm number Three
You can count me on your fingers
One ,Two and Three
I'm number three
You can count me on your fingers
One ,Two and Three
I'm number three
I'm number Four
2+2 is 4...
You can have Four lollipops
and many more...
I'm number Four
2+2 is 4...
You can have Four lollipops
and many more...
Do you know the story of  the Five candy-sticks
One little candy-stick fair and blue
He made a friend and that made two
Two little candy-sticks busy as could be
Along came another and that made three
Three little candy-sticks brought it one more
Found one soon and that made Four
Four little candy-sticks trying to fly...
Spider little brother and that made five...
Five little candy-sticks jumping up high
Look, there is our friend number five...
Hi! kids I'm number Five...
Look at those hot air balloons
Wow!
Hi! Six and Seven
What are you doing?
Hi! Ben
We are counting these lollipops...
Would you help us?
Yes...
Come on kids let's help Six and Seven...
One lollipop...
Two lollipops
Three lollipops...
and Four lollipops...
Five lollipops...
Six lollipops...
So waiting for us...
That was fun...
Let's count up-to Seven this time
One lollipop...
Two lollipops...
Three lollipops
and Four lollipops
Five lollipops
Six lollipops
Seven lollipops
So waiting for us...
Wasn't that fun
Let's go find the last three numbers
Eight, Nine and Ten...
I'm number Eight
I'm round as the Sun
and fat as a pumpkin
counting me is fun
I'm number Eight
I'm round as the Sun
and fat as a pumpkin
counting me is fun
I'm number Nine
Try to spell me
Nine...
That spells Nine
I'm number Nine
Try to spell me
Nine...
That spells Nine
You have ten fingers that can do anything
Would you like to see?
You can shut them up tight
You can make them jump high
You can open them wide
You can make them jump low
or you can count to Ten
1, 2, 3
4, 5, 6
7, 8, 9
and that makes 10...
1, 2, 3
4, 5, 6
7, 8, 9
and 10...
I hope you had fun learning your numbers
All see you soon in my next adventure